have your food energy and shelter prices
gone up in the last while well you're
not alone everybody seems to be
experiencing the same thing and in
today's video I'm going to show you
number one where that's affecting people
the most I'm going to give you the
details of where this is all coming from
and how we've come to this place you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you today we are going to look
first at the income of family needs to
live comfortably in the United States
and of course you can see if you're in
California it's a very different picture
from some of the other states if you
live in New York same deal understand
that of course there are salaries and
there are always going to be expenses
and they sometimes level out but for
some people they can't take it anymore
they are up to the gills in expenses and
they are starting an internal migration
we haven't seen in a very long time so
you could look at this right here the
darker the color the more expensive it
is and it's shocking and this has all
happened at least a a big chunk of it
has happened in the last several years
since 2020 look here the death of the
dollar store and when I was reading
through this I was thinking to myself
wait a second I know the dollar stores
and they're more popular than ever but
what is happening here is that they are
changing because they're not ad do
dollar anymore I know you've seen it
yourself I mean sure there are some out
there but what's happening the dollar
stores are becoming these variety stores
you could buy food there I mean soon
you're going to be able to get
prescription drugs there I mean who
knows right it's getting all over the
place but the 99 cent part inflation has
taken care of that so that's really what
this is all about nearly 80% of
Americans now view fast food as a luxury
I mean I've covered this before but I
think it is important to highlight what
this really means and that is basically
people who used to have what would be
you know a relatively small sum hey I'm
going to get five bucks I'm going to go
to the uh McDonald's or whatever I'm
going to buy some food you can't really
do that anymore and even their $5 menus
or $5 options that they were going to
bring in just recently they've said oh
that's going to be temporary then there
was backlash we'll see what happens but
you know if you're going to get
something for $5 now it's probably going
to be the size of a toy so who knows
what that's going to do with all that
shrinkflation hard target streamer films
walk through the most dangerous Target
we're talking about the Big Box store in
the US with armed security warning
coming to a store near you what we have
seen here bringing it all around is that
this stuff has become too expensive this
stuff has become you know basically just
showing us how how difficult things have
been for so many and at the same time
how lucrative this type of business is
especially in a place where they know
they're not going to get in trouble and
if they do it's a little slap on the RIS
but you you work hard you are the one
that's trying to save you are the one
that's trying to be prudent and look at
what's happening look how they devalue
your currency each and every day this is
intentional food inflation fears
rekindled as crop index erases 2024 loss
looking at the Bloomberg agriculture
agriculture spot index okay so this it's
indirectly you know what you'll see at
the store but just understand that if
there was any sense of relief coming
that's gone
unfortunately here we have a
contributions to the rise in super core
CPI Services inflation year over year
and I just want to show you this because
of the breakdown also note that super
core and core and CPI and pce I'll give
you a little more of a breakdown in a
second in another chart but I just
wanted to make it clear that no matter
what chart we look at it's never going
to be accurate to what you you and I
experience that's never going to be
accurate but it is accurate in itself so
if we track this month over month we
could see what's happening right look at
this CPI car insurance and Home
Insurance they've gone berserk so this
at least for the car insurance right
around 2022 this started to go wild now
look everything goes up we know that
everything goes up but the trajectory
it's going on the rate the pace at which
everything is speeding up happens to be
correlated with the amount of money that
they printed and yet these
whatever there are individuals out there
that you will hear that tell you that
printing money doesn't cause inflation
it
is what do I say what do I say about
that I mean it's it's
ridiculous gen Z teens largely put the
brakes on driving signaling seismic
shift in US Car culture there are
different reasons for this I think
people they're waiting longer to get the
cars they say hey why do I need it maybe
some areas have better public transit
there's no real need for that but let's
be honest the biggest contributing
factor here is my goodness it's
expensive when you talk about the car
itself you look at the insurance costs
on top of that you see the gasoline
prices you see the maintenance on all of
this it's too much and so some are
saying forget it I mean I remember when
uh you know the friends in high school
had their birthdays earlier and that
means they got their cars earlier and we
were allowed to then you know go off and
drive I mean that was amazing thing uh
but things have changed clearly what do
you think about that by the way I'm
interested to know how does the PC way
items compared to the CPI so I just
wanted to give you a breakdown of this
you could pause it or you can go to the
link in the description to get it but I
just wanted to show this to you because
you always hear these different terms
and you could see none of them are
accurate like I've said and then just
one little quick thing Water Systems
warn Americans could soon see major rate
hikes to filter out toxic forever
chemicals another you know level of
inflation it the only one that I
probably would vote for okay um just
there's just too many chemicals out
there so uh if they were actually able
to get rid of it and of course you got
to do your own filtration regardless
because from there to your house it's
quite poisonous uh but I'm still in
favor it being removed they should have
been doing this a long time
ago here we have it what's being done
overall is the devaluation of the
currency we pay the price we pay the
price each and every day so what can we
do there are things that we must do
every single day and I think it's
important to note those let's talk about
that right now number one you need to
save on groceries whenever you can this
is essential why because can't do
anything without it at the same time how
are you going to save on groceries I
mean I talked about it all the time
there's the produce terminals there's
talking to your Farmers you can go see
the Amish or menites depending on where
you live they have usually very
reasonable deals uh and they also come
into the cities to then sell their
products okay that's another thing uh
buying in bulk there's all kinds of
these stores that are a little bit less
known but you can buy in bulk that way
um you know those are just some things
when it comes to energy I talked about
this in 2020 it depends but in 2020 it
was very obvious that the price of
energy was going to go like crazy up and
I had people here on this channel I was
telling them get your price locked in
get it locked in and there were people
that did that and then came back to me
and said I'm so happy that I listened to
you I got that locked in and if I didn't
get that locked in I would have been
ruined I would have been finished
because they are so tight on their
budget and the price had gone crazy in
2020 if you remember that now you got to
be mindful of that you got to always
watch it because if suddenly then things
go downward you know then you don't want
to get on the opposite side of that uh
but sometimes it's very clear and in
2020 it was and I'm so grateful that I
had that voice to share with people if
you were one of those people please let
me know down in the comments always love
to hear that um and of course do what
you can each and every day to try and
increase your income how can you do that
you can build bu an online business the
way I do that is through uh having
physical products you can also do
digital products as well depends on what
you're into having pH physical products
you might say hey things are getting
more expensive people don't have the
money why would I have a physical
product I always use example of
Tupperware Tupperware is that one
product where you might buy that but the
intention is that you want to save money
over time right that's what Tupperware
is you know I'm not saying that you
should sell Tupperware I'm just saying
that that that's just one example of
something that you would buy and then
you would use many many times over so
that you can then save money so it's not
just a matter of you know nobody's
buying anything it's that they're more
as the Walmart CEO once said being
choiceful okay I hope this information
was uh beneficial to you thumbs up if
you agree with that okay that really
helps me out if you want more
information about how to build a
business online I have the number one
way to do so Link at the top of this
description down there click it go
through it if you want more information
just email me contact through there I'll
see you tomorrow take care